Now in this exercise, we will start with a task of
replacing some of the raw pointers in the project with smart pointers.
You could in theory replace all the pointers and function
handles with smart pointers, especially shared pointers.
This would not be very efficient though because smart pointers,
they carry some overhead as you already know caused by
the reference counting mechanism which makes them
much less efficient than for example unique pointers.
Also in cases where you only want to access the data within
a smart pointer without changing the ownership of using smart point of functions,
it is best to use raw pointers or references.
Now the C plus plus guidelines and the best practices
we looked at in the last section on smart pointers,
they can help you with deciding when and where to use smart pointers.
Now we will start by making chat logic in files,
chat GUI and dot h and CPP and
an exclusive resource to
the class chat bot panel dialogue using an appropriate smart pointer.
Where required, you will need to make changes to the code such that data structures
and function parameters reflect the new structure. So let's go.